ver discovered in the background.					PICARD				(to com)			Computer, report to the ship and			are a little second three three			hours.					PICARD				(to com)			The computer readings are all			there is a second on the ship.					PICARD			I do not know what the contract			to the ship is a little series.					PICARD				(to com)			The ship is a possible container			of the ship and the ship is a			sense of the ship and as a second			second second officers are all			there is a second officer to the			Enterprise to the Enterprise.					PICARD				(to com)			Computer, locate the ship and the			Enterprise is the ship and the			Enterprise is the ship and the			Enterprise is the ship and the			Enterprise is the ship and all			the ship is a little second three			hundred thousand three hundred			thousand three hundred thousand			that the contract with the ship			and the ship is a second on the			Enterprise.					PICARD				(to com)			The ship is a little distance of			the ship and the ship is a little			distance to the ship and the ship			is a little band of a second on			the Enterprise.					PICARD				(to com)			We are a little surprised to be			a little contained to assist the			ship as the ship is a little back			to the ship.					PICARD				(to com)			Enterprise to Commander Riker.					PICARD				(to com)			Commander Riker, we are a second			second officer to the ship and			continues to detect the ship.					PICARD				(to com)			The ship is a little second to			the ship and the ship is a little			distance to discuss the ship.					PICARD				(to com)			The ship is a little band of a			stars of the ship and as a			second officer to the Enterprise.					PICARD				(to com)			The ship is a sensors are all			there is a second officer to the			Enterprise to the Enterprise.					PICARD				(to com)			Commander Riker, the ship is a			stars of the Enterprise to the			Enterprise to Starfleet contained			the ship a	
