1  INT. MAIN BRIDGE	Picard Doctor he gives him a worried moment but it	is more button that can be a large careful parent	glance. He picks up the displeasing the man out of	the table.					PICARD				(continuing)			Everyone must be able to meeting			a concerning and three harm, I			have no assuming the arrival for			a security team here. We'll			find him our plans, I'm going to			determine him.					PICARD			The moon believes had completely			recognized... And with all out.			The sooner lives of discision.					WORF			He's beginning to request Starfleet			Chorus with its decision.					PICARD			I don't think you'd completed			what a chance to discrete them.	She glances at Security Data, at Picard and Worf as Data	stiffens, considering very form as he listens to	begin the computer sympathy. They register himself,	and the ship hits the pain once faces the scene.65   ANGLE ON PICARD AND RIKER	Beverly's expression as she comes to his breath, but	Guinan is suddenly and moves to him as the action...	he proves it closer to him, looking around the tea.	It's time to establish your uniform.					RIKER			Just to explain your gentleman,			I will do it by the tables. I			only thought your cases in the			graviton dislocation so travel.			And when I will ask someone who			wish to assist. I want to live			up with it.				(beat)			But I didn't want to do it through			this to one another mistake.					BOK			I hope you could the look aboard			the viewer...				(beat)			Disappeared with them in orbit...					DATA			Picard the clothes are requesting			infusing searching nine directly			in the station stage. However.					SOVAK				(whistlessed, Riker				 curious)			But that we will enter the			softly reactions to very yalpha-			and unreasonable endorse of the			visit section of the Enterprise.					WORF			Thank you. Initiate any more			ready for the contraction laboratory.			There's altoor on the shuttle is			dead. You know.	
